New serverless pattern - APIGW, StepFunctions (Synchronous Express), Prompt Chaining with Bedrock (#2404)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: apigw-rest-stepfunctions-express-sync-bedrock-sam/Readme.md

> # Prompt Chaining with Amazon API Gateway, AWS StepFunctions & Amazon Bedrock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prompt Chaining with Amazon API Gateway, AWS Step Functions and Amazon Bedrock.
```

> # Prompt Chaining with Amazon API Gateway, AWS StepFunctions and Amazon Bedrock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prompt Chaining with Amazon API Gateway, AWS Step Functions and Amazon Bedrock.
```
